So coming on to my failure, I did my BTech CSE from Pune Bharati Dapit but I didn't sit for job interviews that often. I tried at the start but I was already working on my startup beyond foam so I had this in mind: I will make money from the startup. I always wanted to be that outlier. I never wanted to follow the same path that everyone did even though the success probability was always there the most. I always just wanted to stand out of the competition to be that shiny star. I always had that in my mind so I didn't sit for a job.

I got a job off campus later. When I thought it's high time I should get a job because the startup was not able to financially support us, I took a job as a data analyst. For three to four months I did the job but I felt very, very exhausted and felt like this is not me, this is not what I want to do in the long term. I quit the job. I did not pursue the job afterward because travel was also very hectic, like traveling 30 km daily to and fro. It became 60 km of travel daily so I did the right thing over there. I quit the job even though I had a pretty decent impression over there with my energy and everything.

Afterwards when I did quit the job, I pursued my startup full time. Side by side I was also creating content. Afterwards I had issues with my co-founder. He wanted me to work only on business and not focus on content that much so I had to choose one path and I chose the content because content was something that I resonated with. Content felt like my ideas can be brought into reality and it made me feel good. That is the reason why I chose content.

Afterwards when I tried content for around six months, most probably, for what I remember, I was kind of burned out because I did not receive any feedback. I was solely relying on content like it will blow up somehow and when it blows up I can prove it to my parents and everyone around me that this is something that I can do. I kind of failed at that and that's why when things failed I started to look for freelancing. I also tried to get some freelancing gigs obviously and joined the agency with Nana. Just to give you context Nana was from the Creator Club and I worked in the agency with her just now. So I also was part of a BrightSoul creator club, content creator club. I paid 15,000 for that course so that I can learn more about content creation as I was so into content creation. But that didn't also work even though I learned and I did everything I could in my hand at that time. What I realized is that I was not able to get that mark that I was trying to achieve at that time. But one thing was still clear at that time also: I want to build a cult audience. I want to build a cult audience. So eventually I also stopped working for the agency because it was in the partnership in the first place. It was based on how many leads I can bring in and the payment structure was whole messed up. That's the reason why I stopped connecting with the agency that often because it made me feel like this is maybe rigged or maybe can be a waste of my time in the near future. I can still connect with the agency. That is not an issue because whenever I contact Sameer back I can tell him this is the work that he can do. I always have work so yeah. And for BeyondFoam just to give you the context, I got a lot of experience from sales, marketing, product building, packaging, and manufacturing. Lots and lots of experience with customer feedback but I ended up quitting that too as you know. And at last I stopped creating content. It's like the last content that I posted was on 18th October 2025.
